PaytmMobileChallenge/Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-PaytmMobileChallenge/Pods-PaytmMobileChallenge-acknowledgements.markdown, before:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## BrightFutures

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Thomas Visser

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Result

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Rob Rix

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org

Commit message:

Added couchbase-lite pod to the project.

PaytmMobileChallenge/Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-PaytmMobileChallenge/Pods-PaytmMobileChallenge-acknowledgements.markdown, after:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## BrightFutures

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Thomas Visser

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Result

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Rob Rix

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## couchbase-lite-ios

Couchbase, Inc. Community Edition License Agreement

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: BY CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BOX OR INSTALLING, DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THIS SOFTWARE AND ANY ASSOCIATED DOCUMENTATION, YOU, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR AS AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY (“LICENSEE”) AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS COMMUNITY EDITION LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE “AGREEMENT”) REGARDING YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE.  YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE FULL LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND THE LICENSEE TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT SELECT THE “I ACCEPT” BOX AND DO NOT INSTALL, DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE USE THE SOFTWARE. THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT IS THE DATE ON WHICH YOU CLICK “I ACCEPT” OR OTHERWISE INSTALL, DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. License Grant. Couchbase Inc. hereby grants Licensee, free of charge, the non-exclusive right to use, copy, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to Licensee including the following copyright notice in all copies or substantial portions of the Software:

Couchbase ®
http://www.couchbase.com
Copyright 2011 Couchbase, Inc.

As used in this Agreement, “Software” means the object code version of the applicable elastic data management server software provided by Couchbase, Inc.

2. Restrictions. Licensee will not: (a) reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile the Software (except to the extent such restrictions are prohibited by law);

3. Support. Couchbase, Inc. will provide Licensee with access to, and use of, the Couchbase, Inc. support forum available at the following URL: http://forums.Couchbase.org. Couchbase, Inc. may, at its discretion, modify, suspend or terminate support at any time.	

4. Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL COUCHBASE INC. OR THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS IN THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES) OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org
